rt.equinox.binaries: R3_9_maintenance
rt.equinox.bundles: R3_9_maintenance
rt.equinox.framework: R3_9_maintenance 
rt.equinox.p2: R4_3
eclipse.jdt.core.binaries: R4_3_maintenance 
eclipse.jdt.core: R4_3_maintenance
eclipse.jdt.debug: R4_3_maintenance 
eclipse.jdt: R4_3_maintenance 
eclipse.jdt.ui: R4_3_maintenance 
eclipse.pde: R4_3_maintenance 
eclipse.pde.build: R4_3_maintenance 
eclipse.pde.ui: R4_3_maintenance 
eclipse.platform.debug: R4_3_maintenance 
eclipse.platform.resources: R4_3 
eclipse.platform: R4_3_maintenance 
eclipse.platform.common: R4_3_maintenance 
eclipse.platform.releng: R4_3_maintenance 
eclipse.platform.runtime: R4_3_maintenance 
eclipse.platform.swt: R4_3_maintenance
eclipse.platform.swt.binaries: R4_3_maintenance
eclipse.platform.team: R4_3 
eclipse.platform.text: R4_3_maintenance 
eclipse.platform.ua: R4_3_maintenance 
eclipse.platform.ui: R4_3_maintenance 
